README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="src/icons/logo.png" width="300" alt="scrolltabs logo" />
</p>
<p align="center">
<a href="#donations"><img  src="https://yourdonation.rocks/images/badge.svg" alt="Donations Badge"></a>
</p>

### ScrollTabs is an extension for the Mozilla Firefox browser that adds the functionality of being able to move between tabs with the mouse wheel :sparkles:

> I'm one of those people who have their own seasons and like to change their habits, like the default browser. While using others like Chrome, I got used to moving between the tabs by scrolling over them instead of clicking. That's when I decided to do something to satisfy my hobbies in Firefox.

# How to get it

Go to mozilla's addon repertoire, look for scrolltabs and install it (pss. here you have a [direct magic portal](https://example.org) :eyes:) (coming soon)

# Usage

Simply hold down the SHIFT key and scroll with the cursor over any part of the page (i.e. not over the tabs, not over the address bar).

<a name="options"></a>

# Options

For now the customization options are non-existent, but that is likely to change in the future (see roadmap)

<a name="limitations"></a>

# Limitations

##### These are the known limitations:

- Due to mozilla's security policy, add-ons not like this one are not loaded in most of the internal pages of the browser, so it will not work there.
- The browser should be in the foreground
- The cursor must be on the page, and the page must have finished loading

<a name="roadmap"></a>

# :crystal_ball: Roadmap

- [x] Release 0.1.0 !
- [ ] Optimize code (cache tabs for a few seconds)
- [ ] Add more options for config

> Feel free to comment on your proposals by opening an issue

<a name="donations"></a>

# :coffee: Buy us a coffee

<img align="right" width="300" src="https://npkill.js.org/img/cat-donation-cup.png">
We have developed ScrollTabs in our free time, because we are passionate about the programming sector.
Tomorrow we would like to dedicate ourselves to this, but first, we have a long way to go.

We will continue to do things anyway, but donations are one of the many ways to support what we do.

<span class="badge-opencollective"><a href="https://opencollective.com/npkill/contribute" title="Donate to this project using Open Collective"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/open%20collective-donate-green.svg" alt="Open Collective donate button" /></a></span>

---

### Cripto alternative

- btc: 1ML2DihUoFTqhoQnrWy4WLxKbVYkUXpMAX
- bch: 1HVpaicQL5jWKkbChgPf6cvkH8nyktVnVk
- eth: 0x7668e86c8bdb52034606db5aa0d2d4d73a0d4259

<a name="license"></a>

# :scroll: License

MIT © [Juan Torres Gómez](https://github.com/zaldih)

:cat::baby_chick:

---

Commit message:

Refactor (#1)
* add instructions.html

* docs(README.md): update docs

* feat(manifest.json): update intructions.html routes

* refactor(src): delete views dir

* refactor(app.js & tabs.service.js)

* docs: update README.md

* feat(src): add views dir with instructions.html

* fix(manifest): fix 'instruction.html' path

Co-authored-by: Juan Torres <juaniman.2000@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="src/icons/logo.png" width="300" alt="scrolltabs logo" />
</p>
<p align="center">
<a href="#donations"><img  src="https://yourdonation.rocks/images/badge.svg" alt="Donations Badge"></a>
</p>

### ScrollTabs is an extension for the Mozilla Firefox browser that adds the functionality of being able to move between tabs with the mouse wheel :sparkles:

> We are those kind of people who enjoy making changes to spice things up. For example, our default browser. While using Chrome, we got used to moving between the tabs by scrolling over them instead of clicking like mere mortals. When we made the switch to Firefox, we certainly missed that feature, which is why we decided to do something to about it: ScrollTabs was born.

# How to get it

Go to mozilla's addon repertoire, look for scrolltabs and install it (Psst... Here's a [direct magic portal](https://example.org) :eyes:) (Coming soon)

# Usage

It's as simple as holding down the SHIFT key and scrolling with the cursor over any part of the page (i.e. it won't work if you scroll over the tabs or over the address bar).

<a name="options"></a>

# Options

For now scrolltabs has no customization options available, but that is likely to change in the future (see roadmap)

<a name="limitations"></a>

# Limitations

##### These are the known limitations:

- Due to mozilla's security policy, add-ons like this one are not loaded in most of the internal pages of the browser, so scrolltabs won't work there.
- The browser should be in the foreground.
- The cursor must be on the page, and the page must have finished loading.

<a name="roadmap"></a>

# :crystal_ball: Roadmap

- [x] Release 0.1.0 !
- [ ] Refactor
- [ ] Optimize code (cache tabs for a few seconds)
- [ ] Add more config options

> Feel free to comment on your proposals by opening an issue.

<a name="donations"></a>

# :coffee: Buy us a coffee

<img align="right" width="300" src="https://npkill.js.org/img/cat-donation-cup.png">
We have developed ScrollTabs in our free time, because we are passionate about the programming sector.

Someday, we would like to dedicate ourselves to this, but first, we have a long way to go.

We will continue to do things anyway, but donations are one of the many ways to support what we do.

<span class="badge-opencollective"><a href="https://opencollective.com/npkill/contribute" title="Donate to this project using Open Collective"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/open%20collective-donate-green.svg" alt="Open Collective donate button" /></a></span>

---

### Cripto alternative

- btc: 1ML2DihUoFTqhoQnrWy4WLxKbVYkUXpMAX
- bch: 1HVpaicQL5jWKkbChgPf6cvkH8nyktVnVk
- eth: 0x7668e86c8bdb52034606db5aa0d2d4d73a0d4259

<a name="license"></a>

# :scroll: License

MIT © [Juan Torres Gómez](https://github.com/zaldih) [Estefanía García Gallardo](https://github.com/nyagarcia)

:cat::baby_chick:

---
